[Test Inglese!]
NOTE This is a comment and must be preceded by a blank line
One day, we'll see.
Remove a wire of smoke on the end
Border of the sea.
And then the ship appears
And then the ship is white.
Step into the harbor, shake his greeting.
See, he came!
I'm not going to meet him, I'm not. I stand
there on the edge of the hill and wait, wait
Great time and it doesn't weigh me down
The long wait.
And... out of the city crowd.
A man, a tiny dot
Itstarts up the hill.
Who will it be?
And how did he get here?
What's he gonna say?
He'll call Butterfly from afar.
Me without giving an answer I'll be
hiding.
A little for celia, a little not to die
At the first meeting, and he was somewhat distressed
He'll call, he'll call:
Piccina - Wife Vervain
Olezzo
The names he gave me when he came.
This is gonna happen, I promise.
Keep your fear. – I'm sure.
Faith awaits.